ASSIGNMENT 1 ( Software Engineering – CS 303 )
Agile software development refers to a group of software development methods based on iterative development, where requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between self-organizing cross-functional teams. It emerged in the late 1990s with the aim to reduce the delivery time for working software systems.
Here , Specification, design, implementation and testing are inter-leaved and the outputs from the development process are decided through a process of negotiation during the software development process.
How do you scale up the Agile method of Software development? Scaling agile means that there are hundreds of agile teams working in different business units. The following points emphasize on how to scale up agile method – ❖ Time to time Continuous Delivery is one of the most essential development strategy that provides high-quality, accessible software to customers. Releasing a minimum viable product for earning early feedback and tracking usage patterns to test hypotheses is very important as it will save engineering time and preserve certain features among large software teams.
❖ Promoting agile teamwork, by holding meetings that include the owner, a developer and a tester to review the requirements and test feature requests on the backlog. This helps in providing a group census for the project and focus on various different viewpoints. Business need is expressed by the owner, the programmer explains implementation, and the tester considers potential problems.
❖ Product backlog is a set of tasks which needs to be completed before releasing the code. Managers are responsible for maintaining a single group backlog for all teams. With a single combined backlog , we can focus on high priority tasks while providing access to contributors at all the times. This helps in preventing miscommunication and thus creates a collaborative project environment.
❖ An agile team has to be small and yet well-rounded in terms of skill sets. Choose motivated, communicative, and multidisciplinary people who have a foot in the business as well as IT. People should be capable of customer-facing, managing processes, and should be technical-minded. Evaluate the particular skills over the time and build a talent list for future projects.
The idea to deploy agile teams throughout the organization may sound challenging but the fact of the matter is that various organizations are at this very moment going through the agile transformation.
What are the challenges faced and what are the possible solutions proposed?
Challenges which are identified in implementation of Agile Methodology in software development :-
1) Behavior Change
Agile is a new and upcoming technology and is in development phase .It is not easy to change the people’s mindset unless and until there is an exceptionally good reason to change as they always resist to change.
Solution - Instead of replacing whole technology with Agile, we must start with incremental approach and involving one of the enthusiastic team to this work.
2) Lack of social skills
Social, communication and presentation skills are must needed in agile development .Hence it can be a challenge for someone who is technically talented, but is weak in terms of communications and personal skills. Also it can result in more challenges like bad customer relationship or bad team members relationships which will ultimately affect the project construction and delivery.
Solution - Merge development , using appropriate documentation and practical training programs to provide customized training materials on social skills and knowledge domain.
3) Knowledge Sharing
Lack of business knowledge among developers result in incapability to share information about a large scale project. Specially, the first sprint will be delivered in 2-4 weeks, so the team doesn't have the time to learn about the project domain.
Solution -Training sessions on the basics in the business knowledge and the customer company specific areas run by the customer.
4) Distributed Teams and Pair Programming
Following distributed principle all the teams may distributed geographically, it may cause time delays, network issues or regional issues . Communication is the core issue among distributed teams. Adopting Pair programming is not efficient when the task is simple enough because it may severely limits the productivity of a team and increase the cost of development efforts exponentially.
Solution - Organization of Boot camps, so that the distributed team get to know each other and grasp the understanding of customer goals, expectations. Also, Pair-programming should be applied to production code that needs to be maintained.
5) Deadlines
In Agile Daily Scrum event should not exceed certain fixed time .However one can’t bind people to discuss their issues or difficulties as it results in more consumption of time. It’s one of the most common issue in Agile manifesto.
Solution - Parallel working is good but it’s not always feasible and efficient to unnecessarily call a meeting. So rather than completely following the manifesto we should try to change it as per the company’s ease.
References -
• https://www.researchgate.net/publication/292981218_Agile_Large-Scale_Software_Development_Success_Factors_Challenges_and_Solutions
• https://techbeacon.com/app-dev-testing/5-proven-techniques-scaling-agile-enterprise